# ACTN POI plluggable week (June 13th,2023)


****Attendees****
- [] Dieter Beller
- [x] Jean-Francois Bouquier
- [x] Daniele Ceccarelli
- [] Ori Gerstel
- [] Aihua Guo
- [] Esther Lerouzic
- [x] Julien Meuric
- [x] Italo Busi
- [] Gert Grammel
- [x] Gabriele Galimberti 
- [] Yuji Tochio
- [] Enrico Griseri
- [x] Sergio Belotti
- [] Victor Lopez
- [] Haomian Zheng
- [] Igor Bryskin
- [] Dirk Schroetter
- [] Brent Foster
- [] Jiang Sun (CMCC)
- [x] Prasenjit Manna (cisco)
- [x] Jose' Angel Perez
- [x] Peter Landon
- [x] Nigel Davis (Ciena)
- [] Oscar Gonzalez de Dios
- [x] Fabio Peruzzini
- [] Gene
- [x] Manuel Lopez
- [x] Roberto Manzotti


## Admin

GitHub updated with last .md file with all comments we have so far
-01.txt has been posted to ccamp

### Review APs (action point) 

review Orcar and Nigel comments.


### Closed Issues


### Next calls
Next call will be regularly on June, 27th

#### General discussion

 Review of last document modifications 
 
 
### issues on agenda
 
 

##### Discussion

Went through the comments and modifications added to the draft and made some fixing in real time (see the diff. in GitHub).
Sergio’s and Jeff’s comments addressed in release -01. Remaining comments from Oscar and Nigel (the ones that are still applicable after the proposal to split the draft) will be added in -02 and posted before IETF-117

Main discussion was on the domain definition (a router with pluggables belongs to the packet, optical or both domains?) and whether the Pluggable as belonging to Optical domain should be provisioned/fully controller by the Optical Controller or it is always provisioned by the Packet Controller.
Different opinions on this point. Draft option 1 and 2 are consolidated. Option 3 (Optical Controller provisioning the pluggable in the router is under discussione) proposed by Nigel.
Manuel and Jeff (plus Gabriele and Daniele) are not in favour of option 3.
Daniele proposal is to keep only option 1 and 2 in the current draft and suggest Nigel to write a new draft addressing option 3, to let the working group decide which one to progress (or possibly both).
Q. is option 3 fitting to actn architecture ?

Final agreement is to keep option 1 and 2 to current draft and start a new draft with option 3 and follow the IETF process.


##### post-meeting notes 


